docs(treeview):OnDoubleClick and OnContextMenu events (#499)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/contextmenu/integration.md

}
````

## Context Menu for a TreeView Node

> To integrate the context menu with the Telerik TreeView, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate the ContextMenu with the TreeView, you need to:
```

1. Use the [`OnItemContextMenu`]({%slug treeview-events%}#onitemcontextmenu) event of the TreeView to get the current row model and show the menu
2. Use the context menu's [`OnClick`]({%slug contextmenu-events%}#onclick) event to handle the desired operation

In this example, the context menu is used to select/deselect items and delete items

>caption Use a Context Menu for TreeView nodes

````CSHTML
@* Use the OnItemContextMenu event of the TreeView to show the ContextMenu for its items *@

<TelerikContextMenu Data="@ContextMenuData"
                    @ref="ContextMenu"

>                     OnClick="@((ContextMenuItem item) => ClickHandler(item))">

Reviewer: May be the handler names should hint which component they are for. Otherwise you need to see the component declarations first. E.g. ContextMenuClickHandler or ContextClickHandler or OnContextMenuClick

Author: Indeed, checking with Stamo if the behavior will be the same as in the Grid. Will update the doc tomorrow morning.

Author: Updated handler names to ContextMenuClickHandler for all three examples.
